update remaining maintenance docs (#483)
killbill/killbill-docs: userguide/aws/how-to-maintain-a-single-tier-system.adoc

== Login

> To perform most maintenance tasks you will need to login to your EC2 instance. Be sure that SSH is enabled on Port 22 in your security group. Login procedures are described in your setup guide  (see https://docs.killbill.io/latest/how-to-set-up-a-single-tier-system.html#step_7_login_to_your_instance[Step 7: Login to an Instance])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To perform most maintenance tasks you will need to login to your EC2 instance. Be sure that SSH is enabled on Port 22 in your security group. Login procedures are described in your setup guide (See https://docs.killbill.io/latest/how-to-set-up-a-single-tier-system.html#step_7_login_to_your_instance[Step 7: Login to an Instance])
```

Author: fixed

To perform most maintenance tasks you will need to login to your EC2 instance. Be sure that SSH is enabled on Port 22 in your security group. Login procedures are described in your setup guide.

> 

Reviewer: Would be good to add a link to the corresponding setup guide

Author: I agree.

Author: fixed

`Active: active (running) since Sat 2020-10-24 20:13:43 UTC; 1 day 1h ago`

You can `start` or `stop` the services using similar commands, such as `sudo service kaui stop` to stop Kaui. If any of these services are not active, try starting it using the appropriate command.

If all services are running, the next step is to collect several reports.

=== Log Files

> The system maintains a series of logfiles that may be helpful when troubleshooting is needed. These logs may be forwarded to Kill Bill to help diagnose your problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The system maintains a series of log files that may be helpful when troubleshooting is needed. These logs may be forwarded to Kill Bill to help diagnose your problem.
```

Author: fixed

Author: fixed

Tomcat logs are under `/var/lib/tomcat/logs/`:

* Kaui logs: `/var/lib/tomcat/logs/kaui.out`

> * Kill Bill server logs: `/var/lib/tomcat/logs/catalina.out`

Reviewer: Is this correct? Shouldn't the Kill Bill logs be `/var/lib/tomcat/logs/killbill.out`?

Author: Both logs exist. Catalina is the more comprehensive. I tried to clarify.
